README.md, before:

# LLM-Course-QA
This project is a question-answering system that leverages Large Language Models (LLMs) to provide a platform for higher-education students to receive answers to course specific questions. The system uses information in course documents uploaded by instructors as its sources when responding to these queries. 
# High Level Architecture
This project is split into 4 main systems: frontend, backend, data ingestion and retrieval pipelines, and the large language model. 

The diagram below shows the resources used to deploy the application. For an in-depth description of our system architecture see the [High Level Architecture](./docs/HighLevelArchitecture.md)

![System Overview Diagram](./docs/images/cloud-diagram.png)
# Deployment Guide
To learn how to deploy the application on AWS, see the [Deployment Guide](./docs/DeploymentGuide.md)
# User guide
To learn how to use the application, see the [User Guide](./docs/UserGuide.md)

# Pricing Estimate
To view a pricing estimate breakdown, see the [Pricing Estimate](./docs/PricingEstimate.md)

Commit message:

Added credits and MIT License

README.md, after:

# LLM-Course-QA
This project is a question-answering system that leverages Large Language Models (LLMs) to provide a platform for higher-education students to receive answers to course specific questions. The system uses information in course documents uploaded by instructors as its sources when responding to these queries.
# High Level Architecture
This project is split into 4 main systems: frontend, backend, data ingestion and retrieval pipelines, and the large language model.

The diagram below shows the resources used to deploy the application. For an in-depth description of our system architecture see the [High Level Architecture](./docs/HighLevelArchitecture.md)

![System Overview Diagram](./docs/images/cloud-diagram.png)
# Deployment Guide
To learn how to deploy the application on AWS, see the [Deployment Guide](./docs/DeploymentGuide.md)
# User guide
To learn how to use the application, see the [User Guide](./docs/UserGuide.md)

# Pricing Estimate
To view a pricing estimate breakdown, see the [Pricing Estimate](./docs/PricingEstimate.md)

# Credits
This application was architected by Daniel Johnson, Hasan Embabi, Ilamparithi Imayavaramban, Ripdaman Malhans, and Shibo Jin with guidance from Professor Paul Lusina and the UBC Cloud Innovation Centre.

# LICENSE
This project is distributed under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).
