docs/DeploymentGuide.md, before:

# Deployment walkthrough

## Table of Contents

-   [Deployment walkthrough](#deployment-walkthrough)
    -   [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
    -   [Requirements](#requirements)
    -   [Pre-Deployment](#pre-deployment)
        -   [Step 1: Set up GitHub](#step-1-set-up-github)
        -   [Step 2: (Optional) Set up docker container for backend](#step-2-optional-set-up-docker-container-for-backend)
    -   [Deployment](#deployment)
        -   [Step 1: Deploy LLM and Embedding model on Sagemaker](#step-1-deploy-llm-and-embedding-model-on-sagemaker)
        -   [Step 2: Deploy Infrastructure through CloudFormation](#step-2-deploy-infrastructure-through-cloudformation)
        -   [Step 3: Deploy Frontend on Amplify](#step-3-deploy-frontend-on-amplify)

## Requirements

Before you deploy, you must have the following installed on your device:

-   [git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
-   [AWS Account](https://aws.amazon.com/account/)
-   [GitHub Account](https://github.com/)
-   [Docker Desktop (Optional)](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/)

## Pre-Deployment

### Step 1: Set up GitHub

#### Forking the GitHub repository onto your account

1. Navigate to the [home page](https://github.com/UBC-CIC/LLM-Course-QA) of the repository and click the fork button
2. Click 'Create Fork' to complete fork.

#### Installing amplify on GitHub

The front end is going to be hosted on AWS amplify and to do that we need to set up the GitHub account first.

1. Install amplify on github account by navigating to [https://github.com/apps/aws-amplify-REGION/installations/new](https://github.com/apps/aws-amplify-us-west-2/installations/new) (us-west-2 default)
2. Select the Account or Organization to which the repository was forked
3. Click 'Only select repositories' and select the forked repository name and complete installation.

### Step 2: (Optional) Set up docker container for backend

You can use a container with the latest code, already hosted on dockerhub or optionally, you can set up your own docker container for deploying the backend. To set up your own container for the backend:

1. Install docker on your local machine
2. Login to your docker account on your local machine
3. Go to [docker hub](hub.docker.com)
4. Create a new public docker hub repository (cannot deploy backend automatically without public repository)
5. Clone repository on your local machine
6. Navigate to the backend directory of the cloned repository on terminal or shell
7. Enter the following command

```
docker build -t account_name/repo_name .
docker push account_name/repo_name
```

This will dockerize the backend and push it to dockerhub.

## Deployment

### Step 1: Deploy LLM and Embedding model on Sagemaker

1. In the AWS console, navigate to the Sagemaker console (us-west-2 region)
2. Click 'Set up for single user'
3. Navigate to 'Domains' under 'Admin configurations'
4. Click the QuickSetupDomain... after it is in service
5. Click the launch button next to the default user
6. Click Studio
7. Click Jumpstart

Here you can find the embedding model and the LLM.

For Deploying LLM:

1. Search Mistral-7B-Instruct (Recommended model)
2. Click Deploy
3. Set custom endpoint name to something simple like cic-llm
4. Set Instance type to ml.g5.2xlarge
5. Set maximum instance count to 1 so that you do not get charged for an extra instance
6. Open the Advanced Options and get the 'model name' environment variable value and store it (needs to be added to CloudFormation template)
7. Click Deploy

For Deploying Embedding Model:

1. Search Bge-Base-En (Recommended model)
2. Click Deploy
3. Set custom endpoint name to something simple cic-emb
4. Set Instance type to ml.c6i.xlarge
5. Set maximum instance count to 1 so that you do not get charged for an extra instance
6. Click Deploy

### Step 2: Deploy Infrastructure through CloudFormation

1. In the AWS Console, navigate to the cloudformation console
2. Click Create Stack > With New Resources (standard)
3. Click 'Choose an existing template '
4. Click 'Upload a template file'
5. Click 'Choose file'
6. Navigate to the cloudformation.yml file in the root directory of the repository and click it
7. Enter a stack name of your choice
8. Set the paramter values to the values from the previous steps
   (Note: LLMInference is the model name environment variable value from sagemaker)
9. Click Next and then Next again and click the checkbox asking for acknowledgement and then click submit.
10. Wait for all resources to deploy.
11. Click Outputs and keep the window open as the outputs are the environment variables for the frontend

### Step 3: Deploy Frontend on Amplify

1. In the AWS console, navigate to Amplify console
2. Click Create App > Host Web App
3. Click GitHub and then Continue
4. Authorize Amplify to access your forked repository
5. Click the branch you want to deploy
6. Click the 'monorepo' checkbox and enter Frontend as the source directory
7. Click the Advanced setting dropdown and add the following environment variables (Right hand side is cloudformation outputs) :

```
VITE_BACKEND_API_URL  -> BackendAPIURL
VITE_USER_POOL_ID     -> UserPoolId
VITE_CLIENT_ID        -> UserPoolClientId
```

8. Click Save and Deploy
9. After the app has started building, click 'Rewrites and redirects' in app settings.
10. Add the following rule to your rewrites and redirects.

```
Source Address: `</^[^.]+$|\.(?!(css|gif|ico|jpg|js|png|txt|svg|woff|woff2|ttf|map|json)$)([^.]+$)/>`

Target Address: `/`

Type: `200 (Rewrite)`
```

Then hit save.

#### You can find the webapp url under Hosting Environments in the Amplify App window

Commit message:

Add config file and use aws secrets for db username and password

docs/DeploymentGuide.md, after:

# Deployment walkthrough

## Table of Contents

-   [Deployment walkthrough](#deployment-walkthrough)
    -   [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
    -   [Requirements](#requirements)
    -   [Pre-Deployment](#pre-deployment)
        -   [Step 1: Set up GitHub](#step-1-set-up-github)
        -   [Step 2: (Optional) Set up docker container for backend](#step-2-optional-set-up-docker-container-for-backend)
    -   [Deployment](#deployment)
        -   [Step 1: Deploy LLM and Embedding model on Sagemaker](#step-1-deploy-llm-and-embedding-model-on-sagemaker)
        -   [Step 2: Deploy Infrastructure through CloudFormation](#step-2-deploy-infrastructure-through-cloudformation)
        -   [Step 3: Deploy Frontend on Amplify](#step-3-deploy-frontend-on-amplify)

## Requirements

Before you deploy, you must have the following installed on your device:

-   [git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
-   [AWS Account](https://aws.amazon.com/account/)
-   [GitHub Account](https://github.com/)
-   [Docker Desktop (Optional)](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/)

## Pre-Deployment

### Step 1: Set up GitHub

#### Forking the GitHub repository onto your account

1. Navigate to the [home page](https://github.com/UBC-CIC/LLM-Course-QA) of the repository and click the fork button
2. Click 'Create Fork' to complete fork.

#### Installing amplify on GitHub

The front end is going to be hosted on AWS amplify and to do that we need to set up the GitHub account first.

1. Install amplify on github account by navigating to [https://github.com/apps/aws-amplify-REGION/installations/new](https://github.com/apps/aws-amplify-us-west-2/installations/new) (us-west-2 default)
2. Select the Account or Organization to which the repository was forked
3. Click 'Only select repositories' and select the forked repository name and complete installation.

### Step 2: (Optional) Set up docker container for backend

You can use a container with the latest code, already hosted on dockerhub or optionally, you can set up your own docker container for deploying the backend. To set up your own container for the backend:

1. Install docker on your local machine
2. Login to your docker account on your local machine
3. Go to [docker hub](hub.docker.com)
4. Create a new public docker hub repository (cannot deploy backend automatically without public repository)
5. Navigate to the backend directory of the cloned repository on terminal or shell
6. Enter the following command

```
docker build -t account_name/repo_name .
docker push account_name/repo_name
```

This will dockerize the backend and push it to dockerhub.

### Step 3: Set up AWS Secrets

We can use the AWS Secrets Manager to securely store the master username and password of the postgres database. Note: These secrets will directly be used in Cloudformation Template if you use the same name and key as mentioned in this guide. If you choose a new name, you have to change the cloudformation code to reflect the new name and keys To store the keys securely:

Navigate to the Secrets Manager console in AWS console

1. Click 'Store a new secret'
2. Click 'Other type of secret'
3. Add 1 more row to make it 1 pairs in total
4. Set the first Key to 'DBUser' and set the value to the master username for the database.
5. Set the second key to 'DBPassword' and set the value to the master password for the database
6. Click Next
7. Set Secret name to a name of your choice and make sure to update this value in cloudformation template (Parameter SecretId)
8. Click Next, Next and Store

## Deployment

### Step 1: Deploy LLM and Embedding model on Sagemaker

1. In the AWS console, navigate to the Sagemaker console (us-west-2 region)
2. Click 'Set up for single user'
3. Navigate to 'Domains' under 'Admin configurations'
4. Click the QuickSetupDomain... after it is in service
5. Click the launch button next to the default user
6. Click Studio
7. Click Jumpstart

Here you can find the embedding model and the LLM.

For Deploying LLM:

1. Search Mistral-7B-Instruct (Recommended model)
2. Click Deploy
3. Set custom endpoint name to something simple like cic-llm
4. Set Instance type to ml.g5.2xlarge
5. Set maximum instance count to 1 so that you do not get charged for an extra instance
6. Open the Advanced Options and get the 'model name' environment variable value and store it (needs to be added to CloudFormation template)
7. Click Deploy

For Deploying Embedding Model:

1. Search Bge-Base-En (Recommended model)
2. Click Deploy
3. Set custom endpoint name to something simple cic-emb
4. Set Instance type to ml.c6i.xlarge
5. Set maximum instance count to 1 so that you do not get charged for an extra instance
6. Click Deploy

### Step 2: Deploy Infrastructure through CloudFormation

1. In the AWS Console, navigate to the cloudformation console
2. Click Create Stack > With New Resources (standard)
3. Click 'Choose an existing template '
4. Click 'Upload a template file'
5. Click 'Choose file'
6. Navigate to the cloudformation.yml file in the root directory of the repository and click it
7. Enter a stack name of your choice
8. Set the paramter values to the values from the previous steps
   (Note: LLMInference is the model name environment variable value from sagemaker)
9. Click Next and then Next again and click the checkbox asking for acknowledgement and then click submit.
10. Wait for all resources to deploy.
11. Click Outputs and keep the window open as the outputs are the environment variables for the frontend

### Step 3: Deploy Frontend on Amplify

1. In the AWS console, navigate to Amplify console
2. Click Create App > Host Web App
3. Click GitHub and then Continue
4. Authorize Amplify to access your forked repository
5. Click the branch you want to deploy
6. Click the 'monorepo' checkbox and enter Frontend as the source directory
7. Click the Advanced setting dropdown and add the following environment variables (Right hand side is cloudformation outputs) :

```
VITE_BACKEND_API_URL  -> BackendAPIURL
VITE_USER_POOL_ID     -> UserPoolId
VITE_CLIENT_ID        -> UserPoolClientId
```

8. Click Save and Deploy
9. After the app has started building, click 'Rewrites and redirects' in app settings.
10. Add the following rule to your rewrites and redirects.

```
Source Address: `</^[^.]+$|\.(?!(css|gif|ico|jpg|js|png|txt|svg|woff|woff2|ttf|map|json)$)([^.]+$)/>`

Target Address: `/`

Type: `200 (Rewrite)`
```

Then hit save.

#### You can find the webapp url under Hosting Environments in the Amplify App window
