docs/UserGuide.md, before:

# User Guide
**Before continuing with this User Guide, please follow the steps outlined in the deployment guide.**
- [Deployment Guide](./DeploymentGuide.md)

| Index                                       | Description                                                               |
| :------------------------------------------ | :---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Authentication Page](#authentication-page) | Logging in and signing up                                                |
| [Admin View](#admin-view)                   | Demonstrates functionalities when logged in as an Admin                   |
| [Instructor View](#instructor-view)         | Demonstrates functionalities when logged in as an Instructor              |
| [Student View](#student-view)               | Demonstrates functionalities when logged in as a Student                  |


## Authentication Page
**Signup Screen**

The first user who signs up is granted "Admin" privileges. Subsequent users are registered as "Students" to ensure they have the lowest permissions.
![Sign Up Page](images/signup.png)

Once the user has signed up, they must enter the verification code sent to the registered email.
![Verification Popup](images/verify.png)

**Login Screen**


After successfully signing up and verifying their email, the user can login using their credentials.
![Verification Popup](images/login.png)

## Admin View
**Courses Screen**

Upon signing in with an "Admin" account, the admin can view all the courses offered at the institution.
![Admin Courses Page](images/admin-courses.png)

Clicking on the button in the "Action" column allows the user to edit the selected course.
![Edit Course Page](images/edit-course.png)

Clicking on the "Plus" button at the top right corner allows the user to create a new course, and assign an instructor to teach it.
![Create Course Page](images/admin-create-course.png)

**Institution Users Screen**

After clicking on the "Users" tab on the side navigation bar, the admin can see all of the users that are part of the institution.
![Institution Users Page](images/institution-users.png)

The admin can change the role of a user by clicking on the button at the end of the user row and selecting a new role. Users who are initally signed up as students but should be instructors or admins can have their roles elevated here.
![Institution Users Page](images/edit-role.png)

## Instructor View
**Courses Screen**

Upon signing in with an "Instructor" account, the instructor can view the courses they are teaching.
![Instructor Courses Page](images/instructor-courses.png)

Clicking on the "Add Course" button allows the user to create a new course.
![Create Course Page](images/instructor-add-course.png)

**Upload Screen**

After clicking on the upload button for a given course, the user can upload course specific documents which will form the knowledge base of the chat bot.
![Upload Page](images/upload.png)

**Enrolled Students Screen**

After clicking on the invite button for a given course, the user can view the list of students enrolled in the course.
![Enrolled Students Page](images/enrolled-students.png)

Clicking on the "Invite Users" button allows the instructor to copy an access code which should be distributed to the students of the course.
![Create Course Page](images/invite-user.png)

**Report Screen**

After clicking on the reports tab on the side navigation bar, the instructor can view reported conversations and make changes to the course documents accordingly.
![View Reports Page](images/view-report.png)


## Student View
**Courses Screen**

Upon signing in with a "Student" account, the student can view the courses they are enrolled in.
![Student Courses Page](images/student-courses.png)

The user can click on "Join Course" and provide the access code to a course sent by an instructor.
![Student Join Page](images/join-course.png)

**Chat Screen**

After clicking on the chat button from the courses screen, the student can ask course specific questions to the chat interface. The response returns the source where the information was found.
![Chat Page](images/chat.png)

If the response is not what the student was expecting, they can report the conversation by clicking on the octagon button located at the lower right corner.
![Report Page](images/report.png)

Commit message:

Added settings to UserGuide.md

docs/UserGuide.md, after:

# User Guide
**Before continuing with this User Guide, please follow the steps outlined in the deployment guide.**
- [Deployment Guide](./DeploymentGuide.md)

| Index                                       | Description                                                               |
| :------------------------------------------ | :---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Authentication Page](#authentication-page) | Logging in and signing up                                                |
| [Admin View](#admin-view)                   | Demonstrates functionalities when logged in as an Admin                   |
| [Instructor View](#instructor-view)         | Demonstrates functionalities when logged in as an Instructor              |
| [Student View](#student-view)               | Demonstrates functionalities when logged in as a Student                  |


## Authentication Page
**Signup Screen**

The first user who signs up is granted "Admin" privileges. Subsequent users are registered as "Students" to ensure they have the lowest permissions.
![Sign Up Page](images/signup.png)

Once the user has signed up, they must enter the verification code sent to the registered email.
![Verification Popup](images/verify.png)

**Login Screen**


After successfully signing up and verifying their email, the user can login using their credentials.
![Verification Popup](images/login.png)

## Admin View
**Courses Screen**

Upon signing in with an "Admin" account, the admin can view all the courses offered at the institution.
![Admin Courses Page](images/admin-courses.png)

Clicking on the button in the "Action" column allows the user to edit the selected course.
![Edit Course Page](images/edit-course.png)

Clicking on the "Plus" button at the top right corner allows the user to create a new course, and assign an instructor to teach it.
![Create Course Page](images/admin-create-course.png)

**Institution Users Screen**

After clicking on the "Users" tab on the side navigation bar, the admin can see all of the users that are part of the institution.
![Institution Users Page](images/institution-users.png)

The admin can change the role of a user by clicking on the button at the end of the user row and selecting a new role. Users who are initally signed up as students but should be instructors or admins can have their roles elevated here.
![Institution Users Page](images/edit-role.png)

**Institution Settings Screen**

After clicking on the "Settings" tab on the side navigation bar, the admin can see the institution configuration. This configuration is what all of the users of the application sees on their side navigation bar after logging in.
![Settings Page](images/settings.png)

To change the configuration, the admin can upload a new logo and change the colour of the side navigation bar. After clicking "Save Changes", these new settings will be visible to all users of the application.
![Change Settings Page](images/change-settings.png)

## Instructor View
**Courses Screen**

Upon signing in with an "Instructor" account, the instructor can view the courses they are teaching.
![Instructor Courses Page](images/instructor-courses.png)

Clicking on the "Add Course" button allows the user to create a new course.
![Create Course Page](images/instructor-add-course.png)

**Upload Screen**

After clicking on the upload button for a given course, the user can upload course specific documents which will form the knowledge base of the chat bot.
![Upload Page](images/upload.png)

**Enrolled Students Screen**

After clicking on the invite button for a given course, the user can view the list of students enrolled in the course.
![Enrolled Students Page](images/enrolled-students.png)

Clicking on the "Invite Users" button allows the instructor to copy an access code which should be distributed to the students of the course.
![Create Course Page](images/invite-user.png)

**Report Screen**

After clicking on the reports tab on the side navigation bar, the instructor can view reported conversations and make changes to the course documents accordingly.
![View Reports Page](images/view-report.png)


## Student View
**Courses Screen**

Upon signing in with a "Student" account, the student can view the courses they are enrolled in.
![Student Courses Page](images/student-courses.png)

The user can click on "Join Course" and provide the access code to a course sent by an instructor.
![Student Join Page](images/join-course.png)

**Chat Screen**

After clicking on the chat button from the courses screen, the student can ask course specific questions to the chat interface. The response returns the source where the information was found.
![Chat Page](images/chat.png)

If the response is not what the student was expecting, they can report the conversation by clicking on the octagon button located at the lower right corner.
![Report Page](images/report.png)
